Host, get in the car!
I'll see someone later, you can go back first
Then you pay attention to safety, bye
Since it's all here, come over
I'm not telling you what's going on with you guys
Didn't I say it all?
I have nothing to do with the old man
I also don't want to inherit the differences between your four families
It's okay, don't keep following me secretly
What are you doing?
Say less
The old master explained too much, I will wait to listen to the arrangement of the young master
I always know that the young master is unwilling
Accept the family business
But the young master is not with the lady next door
Is the temporary relationship unusual?
I didn't expect to take this opportunity to help the young lady
What young lady
It was all an accident.
I called you here today just to tell you
It's okay, don't keep revealing my identity secretly?
I don't want to be judged everywhere I go
Ok you go back
Oh, right.
Remember to give some invitations when you go back?
Let's go
Hey, you're back, why haven't you slept yet?
I just heard on the phone that you had an accident.
We were dying.
Yes!
Thank you.
You're welcome, aren't we good sisters?
Yes, you are the best, hahaha.